Welcome to Hogwarts! Before we get started, first
let's remember what AJAX is Asynchronous JavaScript And XML. AJAX
allows us to communicate with a server/database (ie. POST, GET, PUT)
without needing to refresh the page &mdash; something that's required
when you have an HTML form.

Asynchronous means that this communication won't interfere with
other elements that are loading or running on the page.

JavaScript (JS) is the language we will be using to make our AJAX calls.

In the old days XML was used as the format of the data to communicate
with the server. Nowdays, we use JSON (JavaScript Object Notation).

First, we'll need to get the Goblet of Fire back up and running.
Think of the Goblet as a database — it contains the names 
of all the wizards who want to participate in the Triwizard Tournament. 

Import wizards.sql into your phpMyAdmin database. Once you're done, 
add some records to the tables to populate them. Also remember to change 
the config.php file to have your own log-in information.

To allow for Hogwarts students to put their names into the Goblet, 
consider the following:

The Goblet is stubborn — it doesn't want to "restart" or "refresh" after 
every new person gets added. That would make it far too slow and 
inefficient for Hogwarts. Therefore, we're going to need to
make an asynchronous "form".

We don't want people to put themselves in twice - We're going to need some 
way to check if the exact same combinations of first name, last name, and 
school are already in the Goblet and not accept them if so. Before
you say it, it is true that we can put a check on this in SQL when they 
insert, but since we want our check to be instantaneous without them even 
trying to insert in the first place, we need to do this with AJAX instead.

Now that we have the Goblet working again, let's pick some names 
from it to see who the champions will be. But this means we have 
to write more AJAX calls to get them from our Goblet of Fire database. 
After all, these names get picked one right after the other, so the Goblet 
needs to be fast enough to handle this! How can you make it such that we 
click on the "ENTER!" button on the right and not only get a random name, 
but also delete that person's name once he or she gets chosen?